first release preparation (#3)
insightsengineering/presidio-cli: README.md

pipenv install --deploy --dev
```

> ## Install language models for `spacy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install language models for `spaCy`
```

> Load models for `en` language, details on site [models](https://spacy.io/models/en)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Load models for the English (en) language using the command presented below. For further information please visit section [models](https://spacy.io/models/en).
```
